This project showcases my ability to analyze and effectively write system design and business requirements documentation. In addition, these deliverables demonstrate my ability to effectively work through the system design and analysis for a software application and communicate it to the clients and development team.

For the first project, I worked with our client, The Gaming Room. They wished to develop a new web-based game that runs on multiple platforms. This game will be based on their current game, Draw It or Lost It, which is currently only available on Android’s Google Play Store. In addition, the game is loosely based on Win, Lose, or Draw from the 1980s. Multiple teams attempt to guess what is about to be drawn in this game. Four rounds consist of a minute each where an image is pulled from a database. If the team cannot answer correctly, then the opposing team will have the opportunity to respond within fifteen seconds.

For the second project, I worked with the client, DriverPass. DriverPass has noticed that multiple tools are missing in the student's training process to give them the ability the pass their driving test. In addition, DriverPass conducted research that found more than 65% of students who take their driving exam fail when the only tools used were previous exams. As a result, DriverPass is looking to create a system to fill this void in the market through a website. This website will provide students with the opportunity to take practice exams, online classes, and the ability to book on the road training with a professional. 

When it comes to designing software, I am still new to the entire process. With that said, it's essential to start with effectively reading the requirements and creating a checklist, and creating diagrams such as class, sequences, and activity to help isolate specific objects and how they interact with the system. In addition, building diagrams help to provide a "big picture" view of the project while giving plenty of detail.
